Reference/_INDEX.md, before:

# 文献索引

## 英文文献 (28篇)

| 编号 | 论文标题 | 文件名 |
|------|----------|--------|
| 01 | A comprehensive overview of Generation Z in the workplace | `A comprehensive overview of Generation Z in the workplace - Insights from a scoping review.md` |
| 02 | Career aspirations of generation Z | `Career aspirations of generation Z - a systematic literature review.md` |
| 03 | Conceptualizing AI literacy - An exploratory review | `Conceptualizing AI literacy - An exploratory review.md` |
| 04 | Employee Voice Behavior - Integration and Directions for Future Research | `Employee Voice Behavior - Integration and Directions for Future Research.md` |
| 05 | Employee Voice and Silence - Taking Stock a Decade Later | `Employee Voice and Silence - Taking Stock a Decade Later.md` |
| 06 | Engagement, inclusion, knowledge sharing, and talent development - is reverse mentoring a panacea | `Engagement, inclusion, knowledge sharing, and talent development - is reverse mentoring a panacea to.md` |
| 07 | Examining how reverse mentoring influences innovative performance | `Examining how reverse mentoring influences innovative performance - evidence from the Indian IT sect.md` |
| 08 | Examining pay-performance links | `Examining pay-performance links - The role of capital owning and self-interest among board members i.md` |
| 09 | Flexibility, coping capacity and resilience of organizations | `Flexibility, coping capacity and resilience of organizations - between synergy and support.md` |
| 10 | Generation Z - AI Affinity and Adoption in Competitive German Organisations | `Generation Z - AI Affinity and Adoption in Competitive German Organisations.md` |
| 11 | Generational Differences in Work Values - A Review of Theory and Evidence | `Generational Differences in Work Values - A Review of Theory and Evidence.md` |
| 12 | Generational differences in technology behavior | `Generational differences in technology behavior - A systematic literature review.md` |
| 13 | Intergenerational knowledge transfer in the construction industry | `Intergenerational knowledge transfer in the construction industry - the role of digital intelligence.md` |
| 14 | Intraorganizational influence tactics - Explorations in getting one's way | `Intraorganizational influence tactics - Explorations in getting one's way.md` |
| 15 | Leadership Behavior and Employee Voice - Is The Door Really Open | `Leadership Behavior and Employee Voice - Is The Door Really Open.md` |
| 16 | MODELING HOW TO GROW - Humble Leader Behaviors | `MODELING HOW TO GROW - AN INDUCTIVE EXAMINATION OF HUMBLE LEADER BEHAVIORS, CONTINGENCIES, AND OUTCO.md` |
| 17 | MULTI-GENERATIONAL WORKPLACES RESEARCH - FINAL REPORT | `MULTI-GENERATIONAL WORKPLACES RESEARCH - FINAL REPORT.md` |
| 18 | Motivation, Urban Pressures, and the Limits of Satisfaction | `Motivation, Urban Pressures, and the Limits of Satisfaction - Insights into Employee Retention in a.md` |
| 19 | Perspektif Generasi Z sebagai Digital Savvy | `Perspektif Generasi Z sebagai Digital Savvy terhadap Niat untuk Menggunakan AI di Tempat Kerja.md` |
| 20 | REVERSE MENTORING AT WORK | `REVERSE MENTORING AT WORK - FOSTERING CROSS- GENERATIONAL LEARNING AND DEVELOPING MILLENNIAL LEADERS.md` |
| 21 | Reverse knowledge transfer from subsidiaries to headquarters | `Reverse knowledge transfer from subsidiaries to headquarters - Chinese firms in Africasup†-sup.md` |
| 22 | Reverse mentoring, job crafting and work-outcomes | `Reverse mentoring, job crafting and work-outcomes - the mediating role of work engagement.md` |
| 23 | Reverse the Lens, Set Focus on the Followers | `Reverse the Lens, Set Focus on the Followers - A Theoretical Framework of Resource Dependence, Upwar.md` |
| 24 | The 'Digital Natives' Debate - A Critical Review of the Evidence | `The 'Digital Natives' Debate - A Critical Review of the Evidence.md` |
| 25 | The Problem of Generations | `The Problem of Generations.md` |
| 26 | The Theory of Planned Behavior | `The Theory of Planned Behavior.md` |
| 27 | Well-being-oriented human resource management practices | `Well-being-oriented human resource management practices and employee performance in the Chinese bank.md` |
| 28 | Y and Z Generations at Workplaces | `Y and Z Generations at Workplaces.md` |

## 中文文献 (4篇)

| 编号 | 论文标题 | 文件名 |
|------|----------|--------|
| 29 | 人工智能冲击意识对Z世代员工主动性创新行为的影响 | `人工智能冲击意识对Z世代员工 主动性创新行为的影响.md` |
| 30 | 人工智能时代下"Z世代"员工的自我角色认知 | `人工智能时代下"Z世代"员工的自我角色认知.md` |
| 31 | 后Morrison (2011) 以来员工建言研究的演进与整合 | `后Morrison (2011) 以来员工建言研究的演进与整合.md` |
| 32 | 平台型领导赋能共同成长："己欲达而达人"的反哺学习机制 | `平台型领导赋能共同成长 -"己欲达而达人"的反哺学习机制.md` |

---

| 33 | Artificial Intelligence and Competition | `Artificial Intelligence and Competition.md` |

| 34 | Ethics of AI: A Systematic Literature Review of Pr... | `Ethics of AI - A Systematic Literature Review of Principles and Challenges.md` |

| 35 | Explicating AI Literacy of Employees at Digital Wo... | `Explicating AI Literacy of Employees at Digital Workplaces.md` |

| 36 | Human-AI collaboration is not very collaborative y... | `Human-AI collaboration is not very collaborative yet - a taxonomy of interaction patterns in AI-assi.md` |

| 37 | Come as You Are: Examining Autistic Identity Devel... | `Come as You Are - Examining Autistic Identity Development and the Neurodiversity Movement through an.md` |

| 38 | The roles of outcome and race on applicant reactio... | `The roles of outcome and race on applicant reactions to AI systems.md` |

| 39 | Social Science & Medicine | `Social Science & Medicine.md` |

| 40 | Chapter 2Qualitative Methods in Organizational Res... | `Chapter 2Qualitative Methods in Organizational Research - An Example of Grounded Theory Data Analysi.md` |

| 41 | Human Resource Management Review | `Human Resource Management Review.md` |

| 42 | **AI as a talent management tool: An organizationa... | `AI as a talent management tool - An organizational justice perspective.md` |

| 43 | Allying with AI? Reactions toward human-based, AI/... | `Allying with AI Reactions toward human-based, AI-ML-based, and augmented hiring processes.md` |

| 44 | Attempting rigour and replicability in thematic an... | `Attempting rigour and replicability in thematic analysis of qualitative research data; a case study.md` |

| 45 | Using thematic analysis in psychology | `Using thematic analysis in psychology.md` |

| 46 | Design and validation of the AI literacy questionn... | `Design and validation of the AI literacy questionnaire - The affective, behavioural, cognitive and e.md` |

| 47 | LEADERSHIP BEHAVIOR AND EMPLOYEE VOICE: IS THE DOO... | `DetertandBurris2007AMJDoorOpen....md` |

| 48 | A simple method to assess and report thematic satu... | `A simple method to assess and report thematic saturation in qualitative research.md` |

| 49 | In consilium apparatus: Artificial intelligence, s... | `In consilium apparatus - Artificial intelligence, stakeholder reciprocity, and firm performance.md` |

| 50 | Intraorganizational Influence Tactics: Exploration... | `InteraorganizationalInfluenceTactics-ExplorationsinGettingOnesWay.md` |

| 51 | Sample Size in Qualitative Interview Studies: Guid... | `Sample Size in Qualitative Interview Studies - Guided by Information Power.md` |

| 52 | Digital Natives, Digital Immigrants | `Digital Natives, Digital Immigrants.md` |

| 53 | The future of artificial intelligence at work: A r... | `The future of artificial intelligence at work - A review on effects of decision automation and augme.md` |

| 54 | Reading 16 | `Reading 16.md` |

| 55 | Unpacking human-AI interaction: Exploring unintend... | `Unpacking human-AI interaction - Exploring unintended consequences on employee Well-being in entrepr.md` |

| 56 | Human Resource Management Review | `Implications-of-a-changing-workforce-and-workplace-f_2015_Human-Resource-Man.md` |

| 57 | AI 创造力感知影响员工创新行为的 双刃剑机制研究 | `AI 创造力感知影响员工创新行为的 双刃剑机制研究.md` |

| 58 | AI 技术替代感对工作场所人与 AI 合作意愿的影响机制 | `AI 技术替代感对工作场所人与 AI 合作意愿的影响机制.md` |

| 59 | 个性化契约与员工创新关系的元分析 | `个性化契约与员工创新关系的元分析.md` |

| 60 | 主动性人格、知识分享与员工创新行为关系研究 | `主动性人格、知识分享与员工创新行为关系研究.md` |

| 61 | 人工智能素养:提出背景、概念界定与构成要素\* | `人工智能素养 -提出背景、概念界定与构成要素-.md` |

| 62 | 人工智能素养的内涵、结构和评价体系\* | `人工智能素养的内涵、结构和评价体系-.md` |

| 63 | 人工智能视阈下智力资本如何影响科技人员创新工作行为——基于交互调节效应模型 | `人工智能视阈下智力资本如何影响科技人员创新工作行为——基于交互调节效应模型.md` |

| 64 | 人工智能赋能企业工商管理的决策优化策略探讨 | `人工智能赋能企业工商管理的决策优化策略探讨.md` |

| 65 | 人工智能赋能工商管理创新发展的实践应用探索 | `人工智能赋能工商管理创新发展的实践应用探索.md` |

| 66 | 人机协同关系与员工创新——基于领导授权的中介机制 | `人机协同关系与员工创新——基于领导授权的中介机制.md` |

| 67 | 何谓人工智能素养:本质、构成与评价体系\* | `何谓人工智能素养 -本质、构成与评价体系-.md` |

| 68 | 信息异化的社会根源及其控制研究 | `信息异化的社会根源及其控制研究.md` |

| 69 | 数智时代的人工智能素养:内涵、框架与实施路径 | `数智时代的人工智能素养 -内涵、框架与实施路径.md` |

| 70 | 知识型员工创新行为影响因素研究 | `知识型员工创新行为影响因素研究.md` |

| 71 | 纵横视角下人工智能素养的理论研究与行动启示\* | `纵横视角下人工智能素养的理论研究与行动启示-.md` |

| 72 | 马克思主义机器论及当代人学反思 | `马克思主义机器论及当代人学反思.md` |

| 73 | Social Science & Medicine | `1-s2.0-S0277953621008558-main.md` |

| 74 | Organizational Behavior and Human Decision Process... | `Organizational Behavior and Human Decision Processes.md` |

| 75 | Effect of supervisor-subordinate Guanxi on employe... | `Effect of supervisor-subordinate Guanxi on employees work behavior - An empirical dynamic framework.md` |

| 76 | DETERMINANTS OF INNOVATIVE BEHAVIOR: A PATH MODEL ... | `DETERMINANTS OF INNOVATIVE BEHAVIOR - A PATH MODEL OF INDIVIDUAL INNOVATION IN THE WORKPLACE.md` |

| 77 | Determinants of employees' innovative behavior | `Determinants of employees' innovative behavior.md` |

| 78 | Supervisor-Directed Emotional Labor as Upward Infl... | `Supervisor-Directed Emotional Labor as Upward Influence - An Emotions-as-Social-Information Perspect.md` |

| 79 | Measuring user competence in using artificial inte... | `Measuring user competence in using artificial intelligence - validity and reliability of artificial.md` |

| 80 | A Step-by-Step Process of Thematic Analysis to Dev... | `A Step-by-Step Process of Thematic Analysis to Develop a Conceptual Model in Qualitative Research.md` |

| 81 | SEMINAR | `SEMINAR.md` |

| 82 | Zooming in on Generational Differences: Exploring ... | `Zooming in on Generational Differences - Exploring Intergenerational Employee Relationships and the.md` |

| 83 | 不得已者而后言：基于自我调节理论的员工建言 新内涵及其影响机制研究 ——心理契约破裂的视角 | `不得已者而后言：基于自我调节理论的员工建言 新内涵及其影响机制研究 ——心理契约破裂的视角.md` |

| 84 | 不确定环境中员工建言对授权领导 影响的机制研究 | `不确定环境中员工建言对授权领导 影响的机制研究.md` |

| 85 | 与上级关系好的员工一定会建言吗？ 基于资源保存理论的双中介模型 | `与上级关系好的员工一定会建言吗？ 基于资源保存理论的双中介模型.md` |

| 86 | 为何中国员工偏好沉默 ——威权领导对员工建言的消极影响 | `为何中国员工偏好沉默 ——威权领导对员工建言的消极影响.md` |

| 87 | 主管发展性反馈与员工建言的 双向反馈机制研究 | `主管发展性反馈与员工建言的 双向反馈机制研究.md` |

| 88 | 人工智能技术应用对员工建言和沉默的影响： 工作反刍和工作自主性的作用 | `人工智能技术应用对员工建言和沉默的影响： 工作反刍和工作自主性的作用.md` |

| 89 | 价值共创如何影响创新型企业的即兴能力？\* | `价值共创如何影响创新型企业的即兴能力？-.md` |

| 90 | 包容型氛围感知对员工建言的影响： 心理安全感与惰性感知的双重路径\* | `包容型氛围感知对员工建言的影响： 心理安全感与惰性感知的双重路径-.md` |

| 91 | 参与型领导与员工建言： 积极印象管理动机的中介作用 | `参与型领导与员工建言： 积极印象管理动机的中介作用.md` |

| 92 | 员工为什么不建言：基于中国文化视角的解析\* | `员工为什么不建言：基于中国文化视角的解析-.md` |

| 93 | 员工建言发生和领导者建言采纳：权力感的视角 | `员工建言发生和领导者建言采纳：权力感的视角.md` |

| 94 | 员工建言策略的 VOICE 模型——基于访谈数据的探索性研究 | `员工建言策略的 VOICE 模型——基于访谈数据的探索性研究.md` |

| 95 | 如何通过改变情境助推员工建言：时间标记的作用 | `如何通过改变情境助推员工建言：时间标记的作用.md` |

| 96 | 工作设计的新视角：员工的工作重塑\* | `工作设计的新视角：员工的工作重塑-.md` |

| 97 | 悔不当初：主管纳谏偏离背景下员工建言后悔的 反事实思维过程研究 | `悔不当初：主管纳谏偏离背景下员工建言后悔的 反事实思维过程研究.md` |

| 98 | 资质过剩感会激发员工建言吗？ ——基于公平启发视角 | `资质过剩感会激发员工建言吗？ ——基于公平启发视角.md` |

| 99 | 逆境中何以建言？成就目标视角下员工建言 韧性的形成机制与作用效果\* | `逆境中何以建言？成就目标视角下员工建言 韧性的形成机制与作用效果-.md` |

| 100 | 领导情绪表达怎样影响员工建言? | `领导情绪表达怎样影响员工建言.md` |

| 101 | 领导者情绪智力一致性对员工建言影响的路径与边界 | `领导者情绪智力一致性对员工建言影响的路径与边界.md` |

| 102 | Reporting and justifying the number of interview p... | `Reporting and justifying the number of interview participants in organisation and workplace research.md` |

| 103 | WHO WILL LEAD AND WHO WILL FOLLOW? A SOCIAL PROCES... | `WHO WILL LEAD AND WHO WILL FOLLOW A SOCIAL PROCESS OF LEADERSHIP IDENTITY CONSTRUCTION IN ORGANIZATI.md` |

| 104 | Are You Ready for Gen Z in the Workplace? | `Are You Ready for Gen Z in the Workplace.md` |

## 使用说明

文献 Markdown 文件位于 `PDF-MD/output_api/` 目录。

**引用格式**: 请在阅读文献后补充 APA 第7版引用格式。

Commit message:

Add Gen Z AI coaching article and report analysis
Added a new uncited reference on Gen Z coaching older colleagues in AI and its impact on productivity. Included a comprehensive non-academic report analysis summary and several related infographic SVGZ files. Updated the reference index to include the new article.

Reference/_INDEX.md, after:

# 文献索引

## 英文文献 (28篇)

| 编号 | 论文标题 | 文件名 |
|------|----------|--------|
| 01 | A comprehensive overview of Generation Z in the workplace | `A comprehensive overview of Generation Z in the workplace - Insights from a scoping review.md` |
| 02 | Career aspirations of generation Z | `Career aspirations of generation Z - a systematic literature review.md` |
| 03 | Conceptualizing AI literacy - An exploratory review | `Conceptualizing AI literacy - An exploratory review.md` |
| 04 | Employee Voice Behavior - Integration and Directions for Future Research | `Employee Voice Behavior - Integration and Directions for Future Research.md` |
| 05 | Employee Voice and Silence - Taking Stock a Decade Later | `Employee Voice and Silence - Taking Stock a Decade Later.md` |
| 06 | Engagement, inclusion, knowledge sharing, and talent development - is reverse mentoring a panacea | `Engagement, inclusion, knowledge sharing, and talent development - is reverse mentoring a panacea to.md` |
| 07 | Examining how reverse mentoring influences innovative performance | `Examining how reverse mentoring influences innovative performance - evidence from the Indian IT sect.md` |
| 08 | Examining pay-performance links | `Examining pay-performance links - The role of capital owning and self-interest among board members i.md` |
| 09 | Flexibility, coping capacity and resilience of organizations | `Flexibility, coping capacity and resilience of organizations - between synergy and support.md` |
| 10 | Generation Z - AI Affinity and Adoption in Competitive German Organisations | `Generation Z - AI Affinity and Adoption in Competitive German Organisations.md` |
| 11 | Generational Differences in Work Values - A Review of Theory and Evidence | `Generational Differences in Work Values - A Review of Theory and Evidence.md` |
| 12 | Generational differences in technology behavior | `Generational differences in technology behavior - A systematic literature review.md` |
| 13 | Intergenerational knowledge transfer in the construction industry | `Intergenerational knowledge transfer in the construction industry - the role of digital intelligence.md` |
| 14 | Intraorganizational influence tactics - Explorations in getting one's way | `Intraorganizational influence tactics - Explorations in getting one's way.md` |
| 15 | Leadership Behavior and Employee Voice - Is The Door Really Open | `Leadership Behavior and Employee Voice - Is The Door Really Open.md` |
| 16 | MODELING HOW TO GROW - Humble Leader Behaviors | `MODELING HOW TO GROW - AN INDUCTIVE EXAMINATION OF HUMBLE LEADER BEHAVIORS, CONTINGENCIES, AND OUTCO.md` |
| 17 | MULTI-GENERATIONAL WORKPLACES RESEARCH - FINAL REPORT | `MULTI-GENERATIONAL WORKPLACES RESEARCH - FINAL REPORT.md` |
| 18 | Motivation, Urban Pressures, and the Limits of Satisfaction | `Motivation, Urban Pressures, and the Limits of Satisfaction - Insights into Employee Retention in a.md` |
| 19 | Perspektif Generasi Z sebagai Digital Savvy | `Perspektif Generasi Z sebagai Digital Savvy terhadap Niat untuk Menggunakan AI di Tempat Kerja.md` |
| 20 | REVERSE MENTORING AT WORK | `REVERSE MENTORING AT WORK - FOSTERING CROSS- GENERATIONAL LEARNING AND DEVELOPING MILLENNIAL LEADERS.md` |
| 21 | Reverse knowledge transfer from subsidiaries to headquarters | `Reverse knowledge transfer from subsidiaries to headquarters - Chinese firms in Africasup†-sup.md` |
| 22 | Reverse mentoring, job crafting and work-outcomes | `Reverse mentoring, job crafting and work-outcomes - the mediating role of work engagement.md` |
| 23 | Reverse the Lens, Set Focus on the Followers | `Reverse the Lens, Set Focus on the Followers - A Theoretical Framework of Resource Dependence, Upwar.md` |
| 24 | The 'Digital Natives' Debate - A Critical Review of the Evidence | `The 'Digital Natives' Debate - A Critical Review of the Evidence.md` |
| 25 | The Problem of Generations | `The Problem of Generations.md` |
| 26 | The Theory of Planned Behavior | `The Theory of Planned Behavior.md` |
| 27 | Well-being-oriented human resource management practices | `Well-being-oriented human resource management practices and employee performance in the Chinese bank.md` |
| 28 | Y and Z Generations at Workplaces | `Y and Z Generations at Workplaces.md` |

## 中文文献 (4篇)

| 编号 | 论文标题 | 文件名 |
|------|----------|--------|
| 29 | 人工智能冲击意识对Z世代员工主动性创新行为的影响 | `人工智能冲击意识对Z世代员工 主动性创新行为的影响.md` |
| 30 | 人工智能时代下"Z世代"员工的自我角色认知 | `人工智能时代下"Z世代"员工的自我角色认知.md` |
| 31 | 后Morrison (2011) 以来员工建言研究的演进与整合 | `后Morrison (2011) 以来员工建言研究的演进与整合.md` |
| 32 | 平台型领导赋能共同成长："己欲达而达人"的反哺学习机制 | `平台型领导赋能共同成长 -"己欲达而达人"的反哺学习机制.md` |

---

| 33 | Artificial Intelligence and Competition | `Artificial Intelligence and Competition.md` |

| 34 | Ethics of AI: A Systematic Literature Review of Pr... | `Ethics of AI - A Systematic Literature Review of Principles and Challenges.md` |

| 35 | Explicating AI Literacy of Employees at Digital Wo... | `Explicating AI Literacy of Employees at Digital Workplaces.md` |

| 36 | Human-AI collaboration is not very collaborative y... | `Human-AI collaboration is not very collaborative yet - a taxonomy of interaction patterns in AI-assi.md` |

| 37 | Come as You Are: Examining Autistic Identity Devel... | `Come as You Are - Examining Autistic Identity Development and the Neurodiversity Movement through an.md` |

| 38 | The roles of outcome and race on applicant reactio... | `The roles of outcome and race on applicant reactions to AI systems.md` |

| 39 | Social Science & Medicine | `Social Science & Medicine.md` |

| 40 | Chapter 2Qualitative Methods in Organizational Res... | `Chapter 2Qualitative Methods in Organizational Research - An Example of Grounded Theory Data Analysi.md` |

| 41 | Human Resource Management Review | `Human Resource Management Review.md` |

| 42 | **AI as a talent management tool: An organizationa... | `AI as a talent management tool - An organizational justice perspective.md` |

| 43 | Allying with AI? Reactions toward human-based, AI/... | `Allying with AI Reactions toward human-based, AI-ML-based, and augmented hiring processes.md` |

| 44 | Attempting rigour and replicability in thematic an... | `Attempting rigour and replicability in thematic analysis of qualitative research data; a case study.md` |

| 45 | Using thematic analysis in psychology | `Using thematic analysis in psychology.md` |

| 46 | Design and validation of the AI literacy questionn... | `Design and validation of the AI literacy questionnaire - The affective, behavioural, cognitive and e.md` |

| 47 | LEADERSHIP BEHAVIOR AND EMPLOYEE VOICE: IS THE DOO... | `DetertandBurris2007AMJDoorOpen....md` |

| 48 | A simple method to assess and report thematic satu... | `A simple method to assess and report thematic saturation in qualitative research.md` |

| 49 | In consilium apparatus: Artificial intelligence, s... | `In consilium apparatus - Artificial intelligence, stakeholder reciprocity, and firm performance.md` |

| 50 | Intraorganizational Influence Tactics: Exploration... | `InteraorganizationalInfluenceTactics-ExplorationsinGettingOnesWay.md` |

| 51 | Sample Size in Qualitative Interview Studies: Guid... | `Sample Size in Qualitative Interview Studies - Guided by Information Power.md` |

| 52 | Digital Natives, Digital Immigrants | `Digital Natives, Digital Immigrants.md` |

| 53 | The future of artificial intelligence at work: A r... | `The future of artificial intelligence at work - A review on effects of decision automation and augme.md` |

| 54 | Reading 16 | `Reading 16.md` |

| 55 | Unpacking human-AI interaction: Exploring unintend... | `Unpacking human-AI interaction - Exploring unintended consequences on employee Well-being in entrepr.md` |

| 56 | Human Resource Management Review | `Implications-of-a-changing-workforce-and-workplace-f_2015_Human-Resource-Man.md` |

| 57 | AI 创造力感知影响员工创新行为的 双刃剑机制研究 | `AI 创造力感知影响员工创新行为的 双刃剑机制研究.md` |

| 58 | AI 技术替代感对工作场所人与 AI 合作意愿的影响机制 | `AI 技术替代感对工作场所人与 AI 合作意愿的影响机制.md` |

| 59 | 个性化契约与员工创新关系的元分析 | `个性化契约与员工创新关系的元分析.md` |

| 60 | 主动性人格、知识分享与员工创新行为关系研究 | `主动性人格、知识分享与员工创新行为关系研究.md` |

| 61 | 人工智能素养:提出背景、概念界定与构成要素\* | `人工智能素养 -提出背景、概念界定与构成要素-.md` |

| 62 | 人工智能素养的内涵、结构和评价体系\* | `人工智能素养的内涵、结构和评价体系-.md` |

| 63 | 人工智能视阈下智力资本如何影响科技人员创新工作行为——基于交互调节效应模型 | `人工智能视阈下智力资本如何影响科技人员创新工作行为——基于交互调节效应模型.md` |

| 64 | 人工智能赋能企业工商管理的决策优化策略探讨 | `人工智能赋能企业工商管理的决策优化策略探讨.md` |

| 65 | 人工智能赋能工商管理创新发展的实践应用探索 | `人工智能赋能工商管理创新发展的实践应用探索.md` |

| 66 | 人机协同关系与员工创新——基于领导授权的中介机制 | `人机协同关系与员工创新——基于领导授权的中介机制.md` |

| 67 | 何谓人工智能素养:本质、构成与评价体系\* | `何谓人工智能素养 -本质、构成与评价体系-.md` |

| 68 | 信息异化的社会根源及其控制研究 | `信息异化的社会根源及其控制研究.md` |

| 69 | 数智时代的人工智能素养:内涵、框架与实施路径 | `数智时代的人工智能素养 -内涵、框架与实施路径.md` |

| 70 | 知识型员工创新行为影响因素研究 | `知识型员工创新行为影响因素研究.md` |

| 71 | 纵横视角下人工智能素养的理论研究与行动启示\* | `纵横视角下人工智能素养的理论研究与行动启示-.md` |

| 72 | 马克思主义机器论及当代人学反思 | `马克思主义机器论及当代人学反思.md` |

| 73 | Social Science & Medicine | `1-s2.0-S0277953621008558-main.md` |

| 74 | Organizational Behavior and Human Decision Process... | `Organizational Behavior and Human Decision Processes.md` |

| 75 | Effect of supervisor-subordinate Guanxi on employe... | `Effect of supervisor-subordinate Guanxi on employees work behavior - An empirical dynamic framework.md` |

| 76 | DETERMINANTS OF INNOVATIVE BEHAVIOR: A PATH MODEL ... | `DETERMINANTS OF INNOVATIVE BEHAVIOR - A PATH MODEL OF INDIVIDUAL INNOVATION IN THE WORKPLACE.md` |

| 77 | Determinants of employees' innovative behavior | `Determinants of employees' innovative behavior.md` |

| 78 | Supervisor-Directed Emotional Labor as Upward Infl... | `Supervisor-Directed Emotional Labor as Upward Influence - An Emotions-as-Social-Information Perspect.md` |

| 79 | Measuring user competence in using artificial inte... | `Measuring user competence in using artificial intelligence - validity and reliability of artificial.md` |

| 80 | A Step-by-Step Process of Thematic Analysis to Dev... | `A Step-by-Step Process of Thematic Analysis to Develop a Conceptual Model in Qualitative Research.md` |

| 81 | SEMINAR | `SEMINAR.md` |

| 82 | Zooming in on Generational Differences: Exploring ... | `Zooming in on Generational Differences - Exploring Intergenerational Employee Relationships and the.md` |

| 83 | 不得已者而后言：基于自我调节理论的员工建言 新内涵及其影响机制研究 ——心理契约破裂的视角 | `不得已者而后言：基于自我调节理论的员工建言 新内涵及其影响机制研究 ——心理契约破裂的视角.md` |

| 84 | 不确定环境中员工建言对授权领导 影响的机制研究 | `不确定环境中员工建言对授权领导 影响的机制研究.md` |

| 85 | 与上级关系好的员工一定会建言吗？ 基于资源保存理论的双中介模型 | `与上级关系好的员工一定会建言吗？ 基于资源保存理论的双中介模型.md` |

| 86 | 为何中国员工偏好沉默 ——威权领导对员工建言的消极影响 | `为何中国员工偏好沉默 ——威权领导对员工建言的消极影响.md` |

| 87 | 主管发展性反馈与员工建言的 双向反馈机制研究 | `主管发展性反馈与员工建言的 双向反馈机制研究.md` |

| 88 | 人工智能技术应用对员工建言和沉默的影响： 工作反刍和工作自主性的作用 | `人工智能技术应用对员工建言和沉默的影响： 工作反刍和工作自主性的作用.md` |

| 89 | 价值共创如何影响创新型企业的即兴能力？\* | `价值共创如何影响创新型企业的即兴能力？-.md` |

| 90 | 包容型氛围感知对员工建言的影响： 心理安全感与惰性感知的双重路径\* | `包容型氛围感知对员工建言的影响： 心理安全感与惰性感知的双重路径-.md` |

| 91 | 参与型领导与员工建言： 积极印象管理动机的中介作用 | `参与型领导与员工建言： 积极印象管理动机的中介作用.md` |

| 92 | 员工为什么不建言：基于中国文化视角的解析\* | `员工为什么不建言：基于中国文化视角的解析-.md` |

| 93 | 员工建言发生和领导者建言采纳：权力感的视角 | `员工建言发生和领导者建言采纳：权力感的视角.md` |

| 94 | 员工建言策略的 VOICE 模型——基于访谈数据的探索性研究 | `员工建言策略的 VOICE 模型——基于访谈数据的探索性研究.md` |

| 95 | 如何通过改变情境助推员工建言：时间标记的作用 | `如何通过改变情境助推员工建言：时间标记的作用.md` |

| 96 | 工作设计的新视角：员工的工作重塑\* | `工作设计的新视角：员工的工作重塑-.md` |

| 97 | 悔不当初：主管纳谏偏离背景下员工建言后悔的 反事实思维过程研究 | `悔不当初：主管纳谏偏离背景下员工建言后悔的 反事实思维过程研究.md` |

| 98 | 资质过剩感会激发员工建言吗？ ——基于公平启发视角 | `资质过剩感会激发员工建言吗？ ——基于公平启发视角.md` |

| 99 | 逆境中何以建言？成就目标视角下员工建言 韧性的形成机制与作用效果\* | `逆境中何以建言？成就目标视角下员工建言 韧性的形成机制与作用效果-.md` |

| 100 | 领导情绪表达怎样影响员工建言? | `领导情绪表达怎样影响员工建言.md` |

| 101 | 领导者情绪智力一致性对员工建言影响的路径与边界 | `领导者情绪智力一致性对员工建言影响的路径与边界.md` |

| 102 | Reporting and justifying the number of interview p... | `Reporting and justifying the number of interview participants in organisation and workplace research.md` |

| 103 | WHO WILL LEAD AND WHO WILL FOLLOW? A SOCIAL PROCES... | `WHO WILL LEAD AND WHO WILL FOLLOW A SOCIAL PROCESS OF LEADERSHIP IDENTITY CONSTRUCTION IN ORGANIZATI.md` |

| 104 | Are You Ready for Gen Z in the Workplace? | `Are You Ready for Gen Z in the Workplace.md` |

| 105 | New research reveals Gen Z is coaching older colle... | `New research reveals Gen Z is coaching older colleagues to use AI, boosting productivity and collabo.md` |

## 使用说明

文献 Markdown 文件位于 `PDF-MD/output_api/` 目录。

**引用格式**: 请在阅读文献后补充 APA 第7版引用格式。
